List Challenge 6: Private purchase (#957)
BitcoinDesign/Guide: guide/resources/design-challenges.md

Bob Jr wants to receive his weekly allowance in bitcoin. Design a low-fidelity app with flows that lets him share a [request]({{ '/guide/daily-spending-wallet/requesting/#sharing-the-request' | relative_url }}) for allowance with his parents, who may or may not have a bitcoin wallet.

## Challenge 6: Private purchase

> Bob wants to buy an engagement ring to surprise Alice. He has to pay on-chain because it's a large expense. Alice recently sent him sats, so she has a view into the sats in Bob's wallet. Design a low-fidelity flow Bob might follow to spend his sats using [PayJoin](https://en.bitcoin.it/wiki/PayJoin). In contrast to a naive transaction, thanks to PayJoin, even if Alice sees the resulting transaction on-chain she won't be able to discern whether it is a small transfer, output consolidation, or the large purchase that would spoil the surprise.

Reviewer: Question on terminology. Is this supposed to be a "naive transaction" or a "native transaction"?

Author: It's supposed to be "naïve", meaning natural or straightforward. I can add the diacritic to make it more explicit.

Bob Jr wants to receive his weekly allowance in bitcoin. Design a low-fidelity app with flows that lets him share a [request]({{ '/guide/daily-spending-wallet/requesting/#sharing-the-request' | relative_url }}) for allowance with his parents, who may or may not have a bitcoin wallet.

## Challenge 6: Private purchase

Bob wants to buy an engagement ring to surprise Alice. He has to pay on-chain because it's a large expense. Alice recently sent him sats, so she has a view into the sats in Bob's wallet. Design a low-fidelity flow Bob might follow to spend his sats using [PayJoin](https://en.bitcoin.it/wiki/PayJoin). In contrast to a naïve transaction, thanks to PayJoin, even if Alice sees the resulting transaction on-chain she won't be able to discern whether it is a small transfer, output consolidation, or the large purchase that would spoil the surprise.

> [Get started with these design-oriented notes](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1y5qiKEX2WXMoDgdNclKcZ2RHDIM8wX5OkhREA-Hmc0k/edit?usp=sharing). For more details, check out the bitcoin design [call](https://bitcointv.com/w/3cZH5KVZwsxU6X9iNzDkBE), [FigJam File with in-call notes](https://www.figma.com/file/YC1rjRo3xYvkqJPL4vlg4r/Learning-Bitcoin-and-Design---PayJoins?node-id=0%3A1&t=I3u9Sbe7iMp6WbjV-1), mention this challenge in [slack](https://join.slack.com/t/bitcoindesign/shared_invite/zt-10sxfovaq-isViijl4RThKRs_TsAQnuA) or email d at ngould dot dev for help.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[Get started with these design-oriented notes](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1y5qiKEX2WXMoDgdNclKcZ2RHDIM8wX5OkhREA-Hmc0k/edit?usp=sharing). For more details, check out the bitcoin design [call](https://bitcointv.com/w/3cZH5KVZwsxU6X9iNzDkBE), [FigJam File with in-call notes](https://www.figma.com/file/YC1rjRo3xYvkqJPL4vlg4r/Learning-Bitcoin-and-Design---PayJoins?node-id=0%3A1&t=I3u9Sbe7iMp6WbjV-1), mention this challenge in [slack]({{ site.slack_invite_url }}) or email d at ngould dot dev for help.
```
Small tweak to use our central Slack invite variable instead of the URL. Helps us update this URL in case the link changes (Slack used to have timeouts on these).
